hello everybody this is what I got up to
on a chilled study day as I near the end
of my summer holiday soon I'll be
heading back to Cambridge uni my second
year of a natural sciences degree over
the past few weeks I've been brushing up
on my first year content just to make
sure I haven't forgotten anything
and also I may have missed studying just
a little bit for this day the focus was
on math since that is one of the modules
I'm going to be taking in my second year
no one understands my love for al pen so
that was why I had the breakfast and
whoops I / pulls them easily the
pressure of the camera you know nearly
edited this little flip out but then I
thought no these study videos are all
about keeping it real with you guys I
watched some YouTube while eating my
breakfast classic me when am I not
watching YouTube I was watching a few
videos from Sid and al I've got a new
obsession with their Channel
I then did a bit of my own YouTube admin
I scheduled some videos wrote out some
descriptions added endscreen
once I was satisfied I procrastinated
enough for the morning I did a little
motivational chunk and got myself up and
ready for the day
I opted for a big t-shirt and really
comfy leggings because let's face it I
wasn't going out anywhere and you guys
understand you don't care what I look
like comfort is of utmost importance
that's one of my very key mottos in life
unusually the British summer has
actually beaten quite warm for once so I
shoved my hair up and I actually prefer
to have my hair out of my face when I'm
studying anyway a high ponytail is my
go-to at the moment with a scrunchie to
finish of course I moisturize my skin
and use some lip balm because I have a
tendency to get dry skin and dry lips my
glasses were dirty and / so I gave them
a quick clean I prefer them to contact
lenses when I'm just around the house as
always I started off by making my to-do
list it just keeps me focused on what I
want to achieve that day and it means I
can plan my time out as well for those
wondering the pad I'm using is from
Paper Chase the first thing on the
agenda was to finish an example sheet
which I had been steadily making my way
through the day before it was a sheet of
maths questions supplied by the lecturer
and the questions just seemed to go on
and on there are so many of them I
worked in silence because that's when I
concentrate the best about two hours in
I took a break and distant hula-hooping
I tried to do half an hour a day and
here's me dancing to the friends theme
tune because like how can you not dance
along I like to do a few arm exercises
as well which you can see me doing here
this hula hoop is definitely coming with
me to uni next term it's just a way to
keep me just that little bit active I
then got back to it with the same
questions as before
I got out my pink pen to mark my answers
when I had finished the questions never
underestimate the importance of marking
your own work it's the best way for you
to learn where your mistakes are answers
are there to be useful but don't abuse
them and always make your best attempt
at a question before looking at the
answer familiarizing yourself with what
marks keys are looking for is a very
good idea for a levels and GCSEs
especially so I made my Corrections and
looked over lecture notes again or
anything I got wrong and here's the
satisfying moment I ticked that task off
my to-do list at this point I was
feeling rather peckish so I went to make
lunch join me as I survey the fridge and
see what food I have to work with pop
pop pop pop pop who says I can't up my
editing game for lunch I usually have to
improvise depending on what's in the
fridge so here it was and it was
actually pretty tasty I watched some
more friends or Netflix while I ate my
lunch and I actually finished all ten
seasons for the third time I hope you're
proud of me I then had some straw breeds
because you know trying to lead that
healthy lifestyle the next thing on my
to-do list was to go through my
probability lecture notes so I've been
working my way through each set of max
lecture notes just refreshing stuff
highlighting a few keeper occasionally
annotating bits that I think might help
my understanding in general my strategy
has been go over the lecture notes on a
topic and then answer questions to test
my understanding of those lecture notes
reading the lecture notes alone just
isn't good enough you just can't be sure
that you've remembered at all
for anyone starting uni I'd recommend
reviewing the lecture notes like in the
day after the lecture just so you can
make sure you haven't got totally lost
it does happen sometimes at 3 o'clock it
was time for my mid-afternoon coffee of
course so I got out my big mug and
whipped out the instant coffee I then
checked what was next to do on my to-do
list
and it was going through some flashcards
so I did this while I had my coffee I
made these flashcards over the course of
the first year and it was definitely
worth going through them again because I
had forgotten quite a few standard
substitutions and formulate flashcards
and one of my favorite methods of
learning because it's so easy to test
yourself with them and if you use them
regularly their content just sticks in
your brain I speak out loud when doing
flashcards because it's like I'm giving
my final answer it's always easy to say
afterwards so I thought that it's like
when you think of something but don't
write it down in an exam I then was
ready for another break so I thought I'd
do something useful and I transferred
the last trickles of foundation in
almost empty bottles into small
containers waste not want not
and if you ever wondered what I look
like in the chemistry lab then this is
it I then gave my makeup brushes and
much needed clean
[Music]
the last thing on my to-do list was to
catch up on some maps topics that were
in part of the course that I didn't
study last year I had a look at the
lecture notes on the online cambridge
Moodle site unfortunately I couldn't
read the lecturers handwriting so I was
struggling a little like maybe it's just
me but all the annotations were
illegible Plan B was to look for other
online resources on the topics that I
need to look at I spent a bit of time
going through these but I'll be honest I
think I need to spend a bit more time on
these topics to really understand them
so I take it off but write a side note
of kinder since I had time I thought I'd
do an exam question on the probability
lecture notes that I've been revising
earlier I timed myself so as to mimic
exam conditions as best as I could
[Music]
shortly after I started it was dinner
time so I went down to have dinner with
my family we eat together every evening
and tell each other about our day what
is that I had some fruit I'm trying to
eat much less chocolate at the moment
just to be a bit healthier we'll see how
long it lasts when I get back to uni
then I restarted my timer and got back
to the exact question for some reason I
concentrate so much better when I'm
under timed conditions I think the
pressure of exams just haunts me
out came my marking pen again and I got
the answers up on my laptop I actually
got 75% doing the question under exam
conditions which I was very pleased with
no page please don't dab please don't
gap I then decided to unwind for the
evening and watch some more YouTube I
just keep watching clothing hauls and
realizing I can't afford any of it to
round up my day I read a bit of Pompeii
by Robert Harris this book was actually
recommended to me by my earth sciences
lecturer last year because apparently
there's actually some quite factual
stuff about volcanoes in there I
actually went on holiday to Italy over
the summer and visited Pompeii so it was
cool to read a book that was set there
and now later I took my hair down and
got ready for bed thank you for joining
me on my study day give the video a like
if you'd like to see more videos like
this on my channel in the future
I was love if you subscribe and hit the
notification bell to see more videos
from me and goodnight
[Music]